Liv was born and raised in a wealthy family. She was born with "all natural" perfect features, from her bones and internal organs to her appearance, all flawless. She lived in a mansion within a dome, with robot servants. Until one day, Liv's parents suddently went bankrupt and had to move away.

Liv and her family moved abroad, they have no choice but to stay in a small, expensive rented apartment in another dome. While moving, Liv unexpectedly met her neighbor, Rilor, whom she recognized as the popular gamer she had long admired. Liv attend the same school as Rilor, and they became really close friends.

Through Liv's bedroom window, she can see Rilor's room. Liv frequently climbed into his room to play games. Liv loves climbing walls of apartment buildings, while Rilor worry she might get hurt. Liv as Rilor's best friend, slowly became famous as him.

One day, from many fans suggestion , Rilor tried and logged into Oboet. He soon wanted to conquer the game because of its exceptional difficulty, aiming to win the first prize in the annual god tournament. He invited Liv to join him for fun. While Rilor was playing games, Liv would often climb over to help him with his homeworks.

After playing Oboet for a while, Liv realized the truth of the world. She believed that humanity was living in a simulation and that the Thkk epidemic could only be solved by the power of god. She started spending her time after school spray-painting messages on rooftops of apartment buildings, hoping to call God for help. "Pray with Liv" became a trend, and many others also started spray-painting pleas, but not all of them understand the meanings behind.

Not long after, Liv's mother passed away.  Liv's father began burying himself in work to pay the expensive rent, until he found a new wife in Oboet and didn't want to wake up anymore. Liv, upon starting university, had to abandon her dream of saving the world. She quickly lost herself and buried herself in work, cutting off all relationships to care for her father.

Alcohol became Liv's sedative. After each workday, she would often get drunk. One time, while drunk, she decided to climb over Rilor's room. They spent the night together. Although he expressed concern, Liv always assured Rilor that she was fine. Rilor, foolishly, believed her.

After experiencing happiness once, Liv frequently climbed over to Rilor's house again, just like when she was younger. One midnight, while drunk, Liv climbed onto the roof of her apartment building to commit suicide.  Rilor, hearing noises outside, chased after her onto the roof. He confessed his love to Liv in a moment of panic. Liv, though moved, decided to jump anyway, Rilor tried to stop her.

Liv waking up in the hospital with several broken bones. She learned that Rilor was dead and that she was pregnant. Liv returned home after some time in the hospital. She found her father nearly starving to death. Desperate, Liv killed him, then committed suicide while soaking in her own bloody bathtub.